# Bubble Tea \sqrt[n]{k} Full Factorial Design

- Average consumption of Thai people of any kind of bubble milk tea is 6 cups a month. It’s no surprise that Thailand has the highest consumption of bubble milk tea. Why? One of the reasons behind it is that wherever you go you will always see at least one bubble tea store. Everybody then always gives it a try, since they are in trend and also look tasty. With this insight, many businessmen tend to do business with these kinds of trends, since it seems to be easier to grow and gain a lot of profit. However, almost everyone has been thinking like this, it has become extremely competitive, hence it is difficult to guarantee the profit from this kind of business, perhap they go bankrupt. Fortunately, it is still possible to open a bubble tea business when your store is very attractive and unique. When we talk about attractiveness, it is undeniable to say that the signature menu is the most potent to attract the (new) customer to your store. For example, if your signature menu has brown sugar, you are more likely to attract more customers to your store. Why? Because the trend of having brown sugar in bubble tea is upward till nowaday. Perhap there are more factors that could attract the customer but have not been in trend yet, for example, whip cream on bubble tea. Not to mention the interaction effect between them. We are from Design shop. We sell milk tea and green milk tea. We have two toppings; whip cream and brown sugar. We are searching for the cup that could attract the customer the most.  We are going to apply the statistical method to estimate the effect of each type of milk tea and topping. We do not assume the best signature menu by ourselves, but customers. We have asked them to rate each of our menu. The rating score of a signature menu that we will choose today will be highest. We cannot wait to involve our store. We from the Design shop will break the Thai market with our signature menu.
